# Changelog

### v2.0.0

- Faster and lighter.
- Clearer state management.
- ```doc``` prop is deprecated.
- No more simple-schema integration.
- No more collection integration.
- No more Meteor integration

#### How to upgrade to v2

Now we have 2 types of forms. Managed by parent component and managed inside.

If you use ```<Form doc={initialValue} />```, the form will be managed inside.

If you use ```<Form state={this.state} onChange={state => this.setState(state)} />```,
form will be managed by parent component.

Both are good, it depends in the case of use. You can use both types of forms in your project.

Pre v2, forms were both at the same time, and that was a mess. So, to upgrade to v2 you must check
all your forms and

### v1.9.0

- Allow autogenerated forms from schemas that contain arrays with primitive values. by @prinzdezibel at [#59](https://github.com/nicolaslopezj/simple-react-form/pull/59).

### v1.8.1

- submit function returns a boolean indicating the result.

### v1.8.0

- Use lodash instead of underscore.
- Use deepClone instead of clone to clone doc, state, and errorMessages props.

### v1.7.9

- Not render form never in React Native
- Add ```errorMessages``` prop to ```Form```
- Pass props not present in propTypes to form element

### v1.7.7

- Fix onSubmit doc cleaning

### v1.7.6

- Fix use of this.props on Form constructor

### v1.7.4

- Pass only present fields in ```onSubmit``` callback.

### v1.7.3

- Set field type prop label to any to avoid warnings.

### v1.7.2

- Fix a bug with ```unregisterField```.

### v1.7.1

- Separate ```generateInputsForKeys``` from ```Form.js```.
- Fix a bug with ```getPresentFields``` with deep keys.
- Add tests for ```generateInputsForKeys``` and ```getPresentFields```.

### v1.7.0

- Tests. by @fermuch at [#36](https://github.com/nicolaslopezj/simple-react-form/pull/36).
- Check javascript style when testing (js-standard).
- Is no longer required to extend the FieldType to create fields.
- Rename files.
- Better warning when field has no field type.
- Check React Native in other way.

### v1.6.15

- Fix bug created by using dot-object as a dependency instead of including the code.

### v1.6.14

- Use dot-object as a dependency instead of including the code.
- Create tests for clean fields function.
- Put utility functions into different files.

### v1.6.13

- Set the prop clearOnSuccess default to false.

### v1.6.12

- Clears the form (insert and function types) when onSuccess is called. By [@fermuch](https://github.com/fermuch) at [#28](https://github.com/nicolaslopezj/simple-react-form/pull/28).

### v1.6.11

- Nulls are also filtered when updating.

### v1.6.10

- Set changes to blank before passing the onSuccess callback. Fixes [#4](https://github.com/nicolaslopezj/simple-react-form/issues/4).

### v1.6.9

- Better error handling when getting errors from the server.

### v1.6.8

- Improve the algorithm that was implemented in 1.6.6. This fixes when fields that
are object are removed from the update object.

### v1.6.6

- Disabled fields don't count as registered fields when passing to modifiers.

### v1.6.5

- ```keepArrays``` is now ```true``` by default.
- ```commitOnlyChanges``` is now ```false``` by default.
- When updating a document, only fields that are present in the form (registered
  in the main form component) will be passed to the modifiers.

### v1.6.4

- Accept any type of label in field.

### v1.6.3

- Fix a bug with object or array fields in nested array with simple schema.

### v1.6.1

- ```keepArrays``` prop is now default ```false```.

### v1.6

- Array and object components are fields now.


### v1.5

- Field types should be passed in the type prop of the Field component.

### v1.4.1

- Support for React Native.
- Add useFormTag option.

### v1.4

- Use context instead of cloning elements.
